修正光照模块最后三篇的翻译 (#1822)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/concepts/scene/light/lightmap.md

# Lightmapping

> **Note**: the Lightmapping feature is not currently supported on Apple M1 (Silicon) architecture devices and is expected to be supported in v3.2.1.

> The **Baking System** pre-calculates the lighting, shadows, etc. that a static object with a stable light source will receive. The result of this calculation is stored in a texture map, which we call a **light map**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Baking System** pre-calculates the lighting, shadows, etc. that a static object with a stable light source will receive. The result of this calculation is stored in a texture map, which is called a **light map**.
```

> The **Baking System** pre-calculates the lighting, shadows, etc. that a static object with a stable light source will receive. The result of this calculation is stored in a texture map, which we call a **light map**.

Author: ```suggestion
The **Baking System** pre-calculates the lighting, shadows, etc. that a static object with a stable light will receive. The result of this calculation is stored in a texture map, which is called a **light map**.
```

> Cocos Creator automatically processes and uses the generated light map at runtime. In scenes with fixed light sources, using light maps instead of real-time lighting calculations can reduce resource consumption and thus increase the efficiency of the scene.

Author: ```suggestion
Cocos Creator automatically processes and uses the generated light map at runtime. In scenes with fixed lights, using light maps instead of real-time lighting calculations can reduce resource consumption and thus increase the efficiency of the scene.
```

## Generating lightmaps

> 1. Select the light node (with light component) in the **Hierarchy** panel, then set the **StaticSettings** of the light component in the **Inspector** panel, and check the `Bakeable` property (currently multiple [Directional Lights](./lightType/dir-light.md) are not supported).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Select the node with the light component in the **Hierarchy** panel, then set the **StaticSettings** of the light component in the **Inspector** panel, and check the `Bakeable` property (currently multiple [Directional Lights](./lightType/dir-light.md) are not supported).
```

Reviewer 2: 下面第 48 行那个也可以优化一下
